the Sun was going down here and there's
probably a really bad time to be making
a video but I'm going to give it an
attempt anyway this is a pregnancy
journal for my beautiful son and
daughter-in-law who are expecting their
first baby in October I've called this
book in due time and I've decorated the
cover with flowers and it's in burlap
that I've painted and some pearls and
ribbon and I've crackle painted the
title I've bound her with my binder tool
and add some licensing binding to the
side and this is a pacifier a charm on
the first page I've added a little frame
for their parents to be to put a photo
of them in and the envelope has got a
little calendar that Eric Farber that
can circle them judiciously baby over
here I've added a pocket if they can
keep the disc in it shows the first baby
photos and I've titled it peekaboo
peanut they don't know whether it's a
girl or a boy and peanut is the little
name that they call the baby at this
point the papers are from authentic
range of papers and the collection is
called delightful here I've made a an
envelope based on the mayor Road
envelopes and there's another pocket at
the bottom was a little and
new people jammed and through journaling
spots as I said they don't know if it's
a boy or a girl so we've got visitor boy
is it a girl and true eggs here with a
can right there a favorite boys in girls
names it's a file folder journal and
that Susie from creative cafe girl has
used quite a lot of and she has showing
us how to make it thank you Susie they
I've only got two file folders in lines
one here and one over further this page
here I embossed a little shape that I
cut out by hand and fat that and I've
cut the bottom of it with my each branch
oh sorry
um edge died and I've drawn some lines
on and they can join all the air and add
a three more tags here with I can write
um how she was feeling at those times on
this page is a little flipping out I
pulled out and photo mats for what
photos of the baby bump as it grows and
that's held in place by this paper clip
and tied with a bone and I made the felt
flowers yet and the tape measure at the
portion to indicate the growing bump
yeah I threaded these little beads that
say peanut I feel cute and this is a
page the peanuts first kick and I found
this social power I'm about feeling the
baby moving in here is journaling or the
date and how it felt
here's the other file folder here and I
labeled this one notes and appointments
and I just thought it could be used for
something like that to a more general
text and the little nappies I cut out
and they're purely decorative and just
good in some Emma - tickets add or in
giggle this page is for a fighter of the
nurseryman they get it decorated and the
baby love is an embossing folder and I
just cut those words out and punched
flowers more burlap and the love story
tickets from Jamal's
on this page I've made two little little
cards and one for daddy's love note and
one for mummys love note - peanut and
they can and write a little message in
here
and this page and that's the arrival and
the statistics go here and there's
another pocket to get the bottom and in
here I've tapped to the show clip out
album that I've made as you can only be
used for more photos or journaling and
that's making it closed and on the last
page of the photo match I'm sorry for
the shadows the Sun is just about down
and that says and now we are three and
that's for a photo of when little one
arrives and then I will be a grandmother
for the third time I've made a little
tag at the bottom our darling little one
and edit some flowers and scene binding
in the back
wonderful stamp or no and that's the
little journal and I'm going to be
seeing my son and daughter-in-law and
later today so I'll give it to them in
and I really hope they enjoy it and
thank you for watching bye